benchdnn: graph: extend --dt to support specifying tensor id (#2331)
oneapi-src/oneDNN: tests/benchdnn/doc/driver_graph.md

   field of all logical tensors in the input JSON file from `f32` to `f16`. If
   `--dt` is not specified or specified as `undef`, the original data types
   contained in the input JSON file will be used for testing.
  - `--dt=ID:DT[+ID:DT]` -- Another format to specify the data types in the
    input JSON file. `ID` specifies the input or output tensor of an operation

>     in the JSON file. `DT` is the target data type. Users can specify the data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    in the JSON file. `DT` is the target data type. To specify the data
```

>     types of multiple tensors using `+` to concatenate the `ID` and `DT` pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    types of multiple tensors, use `+` to concatenate the `ID` and `DT` pairs.
```

>     An error will be raised if an `ID` is not contained in the JSON file. oneDNN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An error will occur if `ID` is not contained in the JSON file. oneDNN
```

    operations have restrictions for input and output tensor data types.

>     Changing the data type of a tesnor may lead to graph construction failures,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Changing the data type of a tensor may lead to graph construction failures,
```

>     eg. fail to `add_op()` into graph.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for example, failure to perform the `add_op()` operation in the graph.
```

> and *graph-case* is a JSON file which is dumped by a library or created from scratch.

Reviewer: Is this a continuation of the previous bullet?

Author: From the content, i think it should be a continuation of "where *graph-knobs* are:" at line 9.

Reviewer: I think it will make sense if we have graph knobs and graph case as two separate bullets and have nested formatting for all the other attributes.

For example,

Where

- [graph_knobs] can have the following attributes:
-  `--mb=INT` -- Override minibatch size specified in the JSON file default
    case. When set to `0`, use batch size as defined by the
    individual test..........
- [graph_case] is a JSON file......

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I converted them into a list in the latest commit.
